    Title: About me
    Date: 2017-10-15T16:45:00
    Tags: me, russia

Hi, all! My name is Harry Potter. Oops... My name is Nicholas.
I'm the software engineer from Russia.  In this post, I will write few words about me and about this blog.

This blog is a chronicle about my way on IT. The fact is that I decided to make a pivot in my carrier. More than twenty years I have worked as a 1C developer. 
<!-- more -->

Perhaps you don't know what's 1C, so I'll talk about it shortly. 1C is the famous Russian ERP system. It is used by about 99% of all companies in Russia. 1C is built on the three-tier architecture, and a couple years ago there was a web version. Although 1C is written in C++, an internal programming language is used for configuration and customization.

Yes, it's very popular platform in Russia, but I have decided to change my specialization. For this I have several reasons:

- 1C is unknown outside Russian Federation, but want to communicate with  software developers from all over the world;
- I constantly feel the need to study something new, the need to try modern progressive technologies. But it is impossible while living inside along software platform.
- This software platform has a lot of weaknesses. But the platform's vendor doesn't plan to fix most of them in foreseeable future.

So I decided to change my specialization and to learn new technologies and programming languages, which I've interested in.

First of all, it's serverside JavaScript (Node.js and related technologies). The next, the functional programming paradigm and functional programming languages, such as Haskell, Racket, and Clojure. And I want to understand the operation systems internals -on this way, the C/C++, exactly as their new reincarnation - Go, will be useful for me.

I plan to write notes for this blog at least once a week and describe my progress, frustrations and success cases. I'll share interesting and useful links. And, maybe sometimes I'll tell you interesting stories about my day-by-day life in Russia.

I'll be glad to receive any feedback from you! And I wish we will be friends.
Bye..